I am a fashion photographer Bay
Cincinnati Scotland today we will be
shooting for images for the fashion show
don't walk I'm Alex Vickery's don't walk
we're all here freezing our asses off um
I'm citizen I'm a model every year don't
walk is like an amazing tradition i have
name's Marla today we're doing a photo
shoot for control and I can be sure to
come first theme of the show is to bring
autumn fashion I'm Sophie and the
creative director of don't walk the line
is kind of where fashion and art meet
artists working to create the image of
makeup artist photographic artist video
artists actual true painters and models
who are sort of our blank canvases for
the day slicked back hair intense make
up the close-up really crazy i make up
another the greatest parts way you're
definitely being involved
you
um okay so the concept of the shot that
we're doing up herons room is unlike the
rest of the glamorous more
fashion-forward images here we are
merely showing like an artist kind of
brooding maybe just after finishing one
of his life's masterpieces
I'm Lindsey I'm from Glasgow and makeup
artist the ends patient a vest blue we
want am for my color and to program
focus on how is going to die or colonize
other
I am there is agree I'm an artist um my
name is Marvin McGinnis I'm also
studying find out I can the paint inside
of the door for cleaning on to the
dresses having to live artistic kind of
work produced on sidewalk or doing the
modem
you
the dance only breaks out when he's
really happy